Broadcast docs (#27)
Rust-Cameroon/async-chat: docs/broadcast.md

# Broadcast channels  In Async Chat Server 

## Introduction

>   Broadcasting is a means of communication whereby information is transferred from a single producer to multiple consumers or receivers. Here , Broadcast channels are the channels through which broadcasting occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Broadcasting is a means of communication whereby information is transferred from a single or multiple producers to one or more consumers or receivers. Here , Broadcast channels are the channels through which broadcasting occurs.
```

- ### Unicast 

  Here, the messages are sent from one person to another. This is not very efficient because if someone wants to send the same message to 10 people, they would need to send the message one by one, which is not ideal. Broadcasting would be preferred here, as it would make message sending easier and more efficient.

- ### Multicast
   Multicasting is very difficult and complex to built than broadcasting .. Even though both send messages from one producer to multiple consumers, there are many aspects to handle when using multicasting that introduce complexity, while broadcasting is simpler and less complex.

## Advantages 

 Some of the advantages of broadcasting are 

 - ### Efficiency 
   A broadcast channel is not only simple to implement but also highly efficient. It enables the transfer of messages to multiple receivers simultaneously, making it ideal for chat servers with a large number of users.

- ### Data Isolation
  When using a broadcast channel, each user receives their own copy of the data, preventing shared access that could lead to data races.

> - ### Concurrency Managemen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ### Concurrency Management
```
